<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 3.2//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [UPS] RE: UPS digest, Vol 1 #85 - 2 msgs</TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:lagoze%40cs.cornell.edu">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="000170.html">
   <LINK REL="Next" HREF="000172.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[UPS] RE: UPS digest, Vol 1 #85 - 2 msgs</H1>
    <B>Carl Lagoze</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:lagoze%40cs.cornell.edu"
       TITLE="[UPS] RE: UPS digest, Vol 1 #85 - 2 msgs">lagoze@cs.cornell.edu</A><BR>
    <I>Sun, 18 Jun 2000 14:57:11 -0400</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI> Previous message: <A HREF="000170.html">[UPS] follow-up from workshop: proposal for technical working</A></li>
        <LI> Next message: <A HREF="000172.html">[UPS] RE: UPS digest, Vol 1 #85 - 2 msgs</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#171">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#171">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#171">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#171">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>Hussein,

Great proposals.  I don't have an issue tracking system around.  Anyone
else?

Carl

&gt;<i> -----Original Message-----
</I>&gt;<i> From: <A HREF="mailto:ups-admin@vole.lanl.gov">ups-admin@vole.lanl.gov</A> [mailto:<A HREF="mailto:ups-admin@vole.lanl.gov">ups-admin@vole.lanl.gov</A>]
</I>&gt;<i> Sent: Thursday, June 15, 2000 2:00 PM
</I>&gt;<i> To: <A HREF="mailto:ups@vole.lanl.gov">ups@vole.lanl.gov</A>
</I>&gt;<i> Subject: UPS digest, Vol 1 #85 - 2 msgs
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Send UPS mailing list submissions to
</I>&gt;<i> 	<A HREF="mailto:ups@vole.lanl.gov">ups@vole.lanl.gov</A>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> To subscribe or unsubscribe via the web, visit
</I>&gt;<i> 	<A HREF="http://vole.lanl.gov/mailman/listinfo/ups">http://vole.lanl.gov/mailman/listinfo/ups</A>
</I>&gt;<i> or, via email, send a message with subject or body 'help' to
</I>&gt;<i> 	<A HREF="mailto:ups-request@vole.lanl.gov">ups-request@vole.lanl.gov</A>
</I>&gt;<i> You can reach the person managing the list at
</I>&gt;<i> 	<A HREF="mailto:ups-admin@vole.lanl.gov">ups-admin@vole.lanl.gov</A>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> When replying, please edit your Subject line so it is more 
</I>&gt;<i> specific than
</I>&gt;<i> &quot;Re: Contents of UPS digest...&quot;
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Send UPS mail list submissions to <A HREF="mailto:ups@vole.lanl.gov">ups@vole.lanl.gov</A>
</I>&gt;<i> To subscribe or unsubscribe via the web, visit
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://vole.lanl.gov/mailman/listinfo/ups">http://vole.lanl.gov/mailman/listinfo/ups</A>
</I>&gt;<i> You can reach the person managing the UPS list at 
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="mailto:herbert.vandesompel@rug.ac.be">herbert.vandesompel@rug.ac.be</A> 
</I>&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Today's Topics:
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>   1. Re: follow-up from workshop: proposal for technical working
</I>&gt;<i>  group (Simeon Warner)
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> --__--__--
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Message: 1
</I>&gt;<i> Date: Wed, 14 Jun 2000 23:54:03 -0600 (MDT)
</I>&gt;<i> From: Simeon Warner &lt;<A HREF="mailto:simeon@mmm.lanl.gov">simeon@mmm.lanl.gov</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> Reply-To: <A HREF="mailto:simeon@lanl.gov">simeon@lanl.gov</A>
</I>&gt;<i> To: <A HREF="mailto:ups@vole.lanl.gov">ups@vole.lanl.gov</A>
</I>&gt;<i> Subject: Re: [UPS] follow-up from workshop: proposal for 
</I>&gt;<i> technical working
</I>&gt;<i> group
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> I agree with Hussein's eagerness to get a technical working
</I>&gt;<i> group going with a separate mailing list. His proposal seems good 
</I>&gt;<i> and I volunteer to maintain a website of issues unless someone 
</I>&gt;<i> has a gloriously automatic system to offer. 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Cheers,
</I>&gt;<i> Simeon.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> [I'm going on vacation tomorrow -- I look forward to catching
</I>&gt;<i>  up with the discussion when I get back.]
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> On Tue, 13 Jun 2000, Hussein Suleman wrote:
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; let me start by saying that the workshop at DL00 was a 
</I>&gt;<i> great success for
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; the OA initiative in that there was implicit agreement on 
</I>&gt;<i> many issues,
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; including the following (at least from my perspective) :-
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; 
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; 1. there is a need to impose some form of formal organizational
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; structure on the initiative for more effective/efficient management
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; 2. the standards are not set in stone and we can change 
</I>&gt;<i> them to better
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; suit the existing and impending range of applications
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; 3. we need a thorough evaluation-based re-engineering of 
</I>&gt;<i> the standards,
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; ultimately leading to a &quot;version 2&quot;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; 
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; chiefly because of time constraints we were not able to 
</I>&gt;<i> delve further
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; into the solutions to each of these - i'm going to try to 
</I>&gt;<i> address the
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; last 2 points.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; 
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; to take the initiative, i want to propose the formation of an open
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; working group to deal with technical issues. i do not believe this
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; mailing list is the forum for discussions on &quot;semicolons 
</I>&gt;<i> and slashes&quot;,
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; as we need to separate policy/outreach from the technicalities of
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; implementation.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; 
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; im writing this up somewhat formally, because even though 
</I>&gt;<i> we dont need a
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; rigid structure, we need to state what we're about to avoid
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; organizational snafu's later ...
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; 
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; ===
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; Proposal: Working Group on Technical Issues related to 
</I>&gt;<i> Specifications of
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; the Open Archives Initiative
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; 
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; Context:
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; A working group of the Open Archive initiative.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; 
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; Objectives:
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; 1. Evaluate current specifications and make recommendations 
</I>&gt;<i> for changes
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; to address current and future problems
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; 2. Produce a &quot;version 2&quot; specification by December 2000 (i 
</I>&gt;<i> recall this
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; was suggested at the workshop)
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; 3. Provide a forum for discussion of technical issues not 
</I>&gt;<i> of interest to
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; the general community
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; 
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; Membership:
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; Open to all who are interested.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; 
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; Suggested Methods of Communication:
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; 1. A mailing list for separate discussion of in-depth 
</I>&gt;<i> technical issues
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; (Ed Fox and I just created such a list in case we need one)
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; 2. A website listing all open/resolved issues, with history,
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; explanations, etc. (anyone want to maintain this? or does 
</I>&gt;<i> someone have
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; an issue-tracking system we can use?)
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; 3. A meeting of protocol implementors to discuss/evaluate 
</I>&gt;<i> &quot;version 2&quot;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; specifications/implementations before formally recommending 
</I>&gt;<i> a change of
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; specifications (this was suggested at the workshop).
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; 
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; Management:
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; 1. One or more Website Administrators if necessary 
</I>&gt;<i> (voluntary positions)
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; 2. One of more Mailing List Administrators if necessary (voluntary
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; positions)
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; 3. One or more Coordinators to coordinate the activities of 
</I>&gt;<i> the working
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; group and liaise with the OAi Steering Committee (nominated 
</I>&gt;<i> by working
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; group).
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; ===
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; 
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; i know this sounds like overkill, but im a strong advocate 
</I>&gt;<i> of building
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; organization from the ground up. in essence, all im 
</I>&gt;<i> proposing is that
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; those of us interested in technical issues join a new mailing list,
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; someone volunteer to manage it, someone volunteer to manage an issue
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; list and we nominate coordinator/s ...
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; 
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; thoughts ? (if there are no principle objections, it may be 
</I>&gt;<i> better to
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; simply initiate the second mailing list and move further discussion
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; there)
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; 
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; i want to put off responding to Simeon and Robert's 
</I>&gt;<i> comments until we
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; take a decision on where that discussion is to take place.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; 
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; and, lastly, before we publish the &quot;proceedings&quot; of the workshop, if
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; anyone who attended wants to add a position statement you 
</I>&gt;<i> can still do
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; so through the workshop website at <A HREF="http://purl.org/net/oaijune00/">http://purl.org/net/oaijune00/</A>
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; 
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; ttfn
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; hussein
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> End of UPS Digest
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>

</pre>


<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI> Previous message: <A HREF="000170.html">[UPS] follow-up from workshop: proposal for technical working</A></li>
	<LI> Next message: <A HREF="000172.html">[UPS] RE: UPS digest, Vol 1 #85 - 2 msgs</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#171">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#171">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#171">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#171">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
</body></html>
