<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 3.2//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [UPS] follow-up from workshop: proposal for technical working
 group</TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:simeon%40mmm.lanl.gov">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="000168.html">
   <LINK REL="Next" HREF="000170.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[UPS] follow-up from workshop: proposal for technical working
 group</H1>
    <B>Simeon Warner</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:simeon%40mmm.lanl.gov"
       TITLE="[UPS] follow-up from workshop: proposal for technical working
 group">simeon@mmm.lanl.gov</A><BR>
    <I>Wed, 14 Jun 2000 23:54:03 -0600 (MDT)</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI> Previous message: <A HREF="000168.html">[UPS] follow-up from workshop: proposal for technical working group</A></li>
        <LI> Next message: <A HREF="000170.html">[UPS] follow-up from workshop: proposal for technical working</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#169">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#169">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#169">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#169">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>I agree with Hussein's eagerness to get a technical working
group going with a separate mailing list. His proposal seems good 
and I volunteer to maintain a website of issues unless someone 
has a gloriously automatic system to offer. 

Cheers,
Simeon.

[I'm going on vacation tomorrow -- I look forward to catching
 up with the discussion when I get back.]

On Tue, 13 Jun 2000, Hussein Suleman wrote:
&gt;<i> let me start by saying that the workshop at DL00 was a great success for
</I>&gt;<i> the OA initiative in that there was implicit agreement on many issues,
</I>&gt;<i> including the following (at least from my perspective) :-
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 1. there is a need to impose some form of formal organizational
</I>&gt;<i> structure on the initiative for more effective/efficient management
</I>&gt;<i> 2. the standards are not set in stone and we can change them to better
</I>&gt;<i> suit the existing and impending range of applications
</I>&gt;<i> 3. we need a thorough evaluation-based re-engineering of the standards,
</I>&gt;<i> ultimately leading to a &quot;version 2&quot;
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> chiefly because of time constraints we were not able to delve further
</I>&gt;<i> into the solutions to each of these - i'm going to try to address the
</I>&gt;<i> last 2 points.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> to take the initiative, i want to propose the formation of an open
</I>&gt;<i> working group to deal with technical issues. i do not believe this
</I>&gt;<i> mailing list is the forum for discussions on &quot;semicolons and slashes&quot;,
</I>&gt;<i> as we need to separate policy/outreach from the technicalities of
</I>&gt;<i> implementation.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> im writing this up somewhat formally, because even though we dont need a
</I>&gt;<i> rigid structure, we need to state what we're about to avoid
</I>&gt;<i> organizational snafu's later ...
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> ===
</I>&gt;<i> Proposal: Working Group on Technical Issues related to Specifications of
</I>&gt;<i> the Open Archives Initiative
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Context:
</I>&gt;<i> A working group of the Open Archive initiative.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Objectives:
</I>&gt;<i> 1. Evaluate current specifications and make recommendations for changes
</I>&gt;<i> to address current and future problems
</I>&gt;<i> 2. Produce a &quot;version 2&quot; specification by December 2000 (i recall this
</I>&gt;<i> was suggested at the workshop)
</I>&gt;<i> 3. Provide a forum for discussion of technical issues not of interest to
</I>&gt;<i> the general community
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Membership:
</I>&gt;<i> Open to all who are interested.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Suggested Methods of Communication:
</I>&gt;<i> 1. A mailing list for separate discussion of in-depth technical issues
</I>&gt;<i> (Ed Fox and I just created such a list in case we need one)
</I>&gt;<i> 2. A website listing all open/resolved issues, with history,
</I>&gt;<i> explanations, etc. (anyone want to maintain this? or does someone have
</I>&gt;<i> an issue-tracking system we can use?)
</I>&gt;<i> 3. A meeting of protocol implementors to discuss/evaluate &quot;version 2&quot;
</I>&gt;<i> specifications/implementations before formally recommending a change of
</I>&gt;<i> specifications (this was suggested at the workshop).
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Management:
</I>&gt;<i> 1. One or more Website Administrators if necessary (voluntary positions)
</I>&gt;<i> 2. One of more Mailing List Administrators if necessary (voluntary
</I>&gt;<i> positions)
</I>&gt;<i> 3. One or more Coordinators to coordinate the activities of the working
</I>&gt;<i> group and liaise with the OAi Steering Committee (nominated by working
</I>&gt;<i> group).
</I>&gt;<i> ===
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> i know this sounds like overkill, but im a strong advocate of building
</I>&gt;<i> organization from the ground up. in essence, all im proposing is that
</I>&gt;<i> those of us interested in technical issues join a new mailing list,
</I>&gt;<i> someone volunteer to manage it, someone volunteer to manage an issue
</I>&gt;<i> list and we nominate coordinator/s ...
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> thoughts ? (if there are no principle objections, it may be better to
</I>&gt;<i> simply initiate the second mailing list and move further discussion
</I>&gt;<i> there)
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> i want to put off responding to Simeon and Robert's comments until we
</I>&gt;<i> take a decision on where that discussion is to take place.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> and, lastly, before we publish the &quot;proceedings&quot; of the workshop, if
</I>&gt;<i> anyone who attended wants to add a position statement you can still do
</I>&gt;<i> so through the workshop website at <A HREF="http://purl.org/net/oaijune00/">http://purl.org/net/oaijune00/</A>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> ttfn
</I>&gt;<i> hussein
</I>


</pre>


<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI> Previous message: <A HREF="000168.html">[UPS] follow-up from workshop: proposal for technical working group</A></li>
	<LI> Next message: <A HREF="000170.html">[UPS] follow-up from workshop: proposal for technical working</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#169">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#169">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#169">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#169">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
</body></html>
