<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 3.2//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Cidoc-harmony-wg] Re: DELOS WG on Ontology Harmonisation
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:thomas.baker%40bi.fhg.de">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="000054.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="000055.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Cidoc-harmony-wg] Re: DELOS WG on Ontology Harmonisation
   </H1>
    <B>Thomas Baker
    </B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:thomas.baker%40bi.fhg.de"
       TITLE="[Cidoc-harmony-wg] Re: DELOS WG on Ontology Harmonisation">thomas.baker@bi.fhg.de
       </A><BR>
    <I>Fri, 13 Sep 2002 18:12:01 +0200</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI> Previous message: <A HREF="000054.html">[Cidoc-harmony-wg] Re: DELOS WG on Ontology Harmonisation
</A></li>
        <LI> Next message: <A HREF="000055.html">[Cidoc-harmony-wg] Call for Participation, call for contribution
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#56">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#56">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#56">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#56">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>Dear Martin,

Many thanks for the additional ideas.  Since you have no more
time for this paper, I can assume editorial responsibility,
integrating additional material from the JODI draft, putting
it into a White-Paper format, possibly getting some literature
review from Donatella, and getting feedback on the result
from the Working Group.

Carl and Jane have graciously approved of this approach as
long as it does not preempt the JODI paper itself.  The target
date for the final DELOS paper will be December.  I look
forward to hearing from the three of you as the JODI paper
develops.

Best regards,
Tom

On Tue, Sep 03, 2002 at 05:15:57PM +0300, Martin Doerr wrote:
&gt;<i> Dear Thomas,
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> You are probably right. I have no objection to put all
</I>&gt;<i> participants on this paper. I wrote what I regarded as relevant.
</I>&gt;<i> Donatella once promised to provide the literature survey?
</I>&gt;<i> May be some other partner would make a general introduction?
</I>&gt;<i> I hope I did not forget any one of the members. I don't think
</I>&gt;<i> there is any point in more or less contribution. All participants have
</I>&gt;<i> contributed significantly.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> For me the message of this work is clear. Integration of core
</I>&gt;<i> ontologies is a demanding intellectual and time-consuming task.
</I>&gt;<i> I think the method and experience applies to any such work.
</I>&gt;<i> I don't think it applies to terminology on Eleonore Rosch's base
</I>&gt;<i> level. Core ontologies are fairly different.
</I>&gt;<i> Personally, I have hardly time to invest more in this report.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Please proceed as you regard appropriate.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> best wishes,
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Martin
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Thomas Baker wrote:
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;Dear Martin, dear Vittore,
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;Many thanks for the draft.  I am glad that the process yielded
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;a result with which you are happy.  As a deliverable for DELOS,
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;however, I think it will need some additional work, at least
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;on the presentation and &quot;spin&quot; of the paper as a whole.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;One important point is that the purpose of DELOS is to promote
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;networking of European researchers; the support for meetings
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;is supposed to lead to a result that represents a collective
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;effort.  As presented, it is a paper by a single author.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;Is there any reason we could not cast you as the Editor
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;(or some other appropriate title) of a paper of the DELOS
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;Working Group on Ontology Harmonisation and list all of the
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;participants in the process somewhere?  If the participants did
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;not all contribute equally, or even if there was disagreement
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;about the scope and methods, this could perhaps be discussed
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;somewhere in the text.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;Also, might it be possible to cast this exercise as an
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;example of the sort of intellectual work that needs to
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;be done in order to harmonise different ontology models?
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;There should be some discussion of ontologies in a more
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;general sense, with citations of related work.  Since these
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;papers are supposed to be readable by non-specialists, this
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;section should include two or three paragraphs explaining
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;what ontologies are, why one wants to harmonise them, and
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;what harmonisation means.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;In a concluding section, perhaps there could be some more
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;general reflection on the process of harmonisation.  If the
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;process you followed in the working group was &quot;extraordinarily
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;successful&quot;, are there lessons of a process nature that can
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;be gleaned for groups wishing to undertake a similar task?
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;I see from the Minutes that you are planning to work on this
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;further, for example with Jane and Carl for a JoDI paper.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;If the group decided not to write a White Paper, the two
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;(or four) of us still need to work with what is there and do
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;our best to turn this into an acceptable DELOS deliverable.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;I am of course willing to put editorial effort into this as 
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;well.  Vittore, what is your opinion?
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;Cheers,
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;Tom
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;On Fri, Aug 02, 2002 at 09:13:26PM +0300, Martin Doerr wrote:
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;I add a summary which I hope is satisfactory for a final report for DELOS
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;you were asking for.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;We decided not to produce the White Paper, but a publication of me,
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;Jane and Carl on the experience and outcome of the process. Reason:
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;many initial participants actually did not intend to work for such a 
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;WhitePaper.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;I attach also the minutes.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;I think the whole process was extraordinarily successful.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;All the best,
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;Martin
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;--
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;--------------------------------------------------------------
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;Dr. Martin Doerr              |  Vox:+30(810)391625         |
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;Principle Researcher          |  Fax:+30(810)391609         |
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;Project Leader SIS            |  Email: <A HREF="mailto:martin@ics.forth.gr">martin@ics.forth.gr</A> |
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;                                                            |
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;              Information Systems Laboratory                |
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;               Institute of Computer Science                |
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;  Foundation for Research and Technology - Hellas (FORTH)   |
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;                                                            |
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;Vassilika Vouton,P.O.Box1385,GR71110 Heraklion,Crete,Greece |
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;                                                            |
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;        Web-site: <A HREF="http://www.ics.forth.gr/isl">http://www.ics.forth.gr/isl</A>               |
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;--------------------------------------------------------------
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> -- 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> --------------------------------------------------------------
</I>&gt;<i>  Dr. Martin Doerr              |  Vox:+30(810)391625         |
</I>&gt;<i>  Principle Researcher          |  Fax:+30(810)391609         |
</I>&gt;<i>  Project Leader SIS            |  Email: <A HREF="mailto:martin@ics.forth.gr">martin@ics.forth.gr</A> |
</I>&gt;<i>                                                              |
</I>&gt;<i>                Information Systems Laboratory                |
</I>&gt;<i>                 Institute of Computer Science                |
</I>&gt;<i>    Foundation for Research and Technology - Hellas (FORTH)   |
</I>&gt;<i>                                                              |
</I>&gt;<i>  Vassilika Vouton,P.O.Box1385,GR71110 Heraklion,Crete,Greece |
</I>&gt;<i>                                                              |
</I>&gt;<i>          Web-site: <A HREF="http://www.ics.forth.gr/isl">http://www.ics.forth.gr/isl</A>               |
</I>&gt;<i> --------------------------------------------------------------
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>


-- 
Dr. Thomas Baker                                <A HREF="mailto:Thomas.Baker@bi.fhg.de">Thomas.Baker@bi.fhg.de</A>
Institutszentrum Schloss Birlinghoven          mobile +49-171-408-5784
Fraunhofer-Gesellschaft                          work +49-30-8109-9027
53754 Sankt Augustin, Germany                    fax +49-2241-144-1408

</PRE>
<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI> Previous message: <A HREF="000054.html">[Cidoc-harmony-wg] Re: DELOS WG on Ontology Harmonisation
</A></li>
	<LI> Next message: <A HREF="000055.html">[Cidoc-harmony-wg] Call for Participation, call for contribution
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#56">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#56">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#56">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#56">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
</body></html>
