From clagoze at gmail.com  Wed Jul  1 13:02:49 2009
From: clagoze at gmail.com (Carl Lagoze)
Date: Wed Jul  1 13:03:31 2009
Subject: [Orechem] Various reminders
Message-ID: <08DD6A9C-CA7A-402C-9CBA-3CCA8D8989AB@gmail.com>

  Hi everyone;

I wanted to remind you of a few things that we have all committed to  
or need to pay attention to.

1. The various teams have committed to putting up a scope statement  
for their respective ontologies by July 6. That is this coming Monday  
and I strongly urge you to follow through on your commitment to that  
date.

2. We had also agreed to a phone call at noon Eastern time on Monday,  
July 13 to review the ontology scope statements and move onto the next  
step. At this point I received replies from only four people (Simon  
Coles, Alex Wade, Karl Mueller, and Jim Downing) that they can make  
that call. Is it then true that no other project members can make that  
call? Or have you just forgotten to verify your attendance on the  
doodle page at http://doodle.com/2zwwhksqr6vxpfef? In any case, please  
see if you can make that call so we can move our work forward.

3. We had some discussions at our Penn State meeting about the next  
face-to-face meeting sometime in the third quarter of 2009. We had  
also chatted about doing this in the UK. However, since then, as I  
assume you have seen, the announcement came out for the next Microsoft  
eScience conference at Carnegie Mellon on October 15 through October  
17. Much as I would like to make life easier for our UK colleagues, it  
seems foolish to not tack a meeting on to this already existing  
meeting. Please let me know what you feel about this.

4. Finally, the submission deadline for the eScience conference is  
July 30. I would like to add to the agenda on our July 13 call a  
discussion of what we plan to submit to this conference. I think it is  
very important that we have some demonstrable and reportable progress  
by that point.

Carl

From Lee.Dirks at microsoft.com  Wed Jul  1 13:49:00 2009
From: Lee.Dirks at microsoft.com (Lee Dirks)
Date: Wed Jul  1 15:27:47 2009
Subject: [Orechem] Various reminders
In-Reply-To: <08DD6A9C-CA7A-402C-9CBA-3CCA8D8989AB@gmail.com>
References: <08DD6A9C-CA7A-402C-9CBA-3CCA8D8989AB@gmail.com>
Message-ID: <A4A14952D0F50E42A240BF353BEA3DED5B98665EAD@NA-EXMSG-C109.redmond.corp.microsoft.com>

A couple of quick comments...

Re #2 - I won't be able to make the call on the 13th.  Just FYI.

Re #3 - Until we lock on a specific official date/location for the 3rd Q meeting, I'd still like us to please try and hold the date of Thursday, October 15th for a meeting at CMU in Pittsburgh.  The eScience Workshop doesn't start until the evening on the 15th -- so if we arrived on the 14th, we could have a day-long meeting on the 15th and move straight into the planned eScience welcome event that evening.

Thanks,
-jld 

-----Original Message-----
From: orechem-bounces@openarchives.org [mailto:orechem-bounces@openarchives.org] On Behalf Of Carl Lagoze
Sent: Wednesday, July 01, 2009 10:03 AM
To: orechem@openarchives.org
Subject: [Orechem] Various reminders

  Hi everyone;

I wanted to remind you of a few things that we have all committed to  
or need to pay attention to.

1. The various teams have committed to putting up a scope statement  
for their respective ontologies by July 6. That is this coming Monday  
and I strongly urge you to follow through on your commitment to that  
date.

2. We had also agreed to a phone call at noon Eastern time on Monday,  
July 13 to review the ontology scope statements and move onto the next  
step. At this point I received replies from only four people (Simon  
Coles, Alex Wade, Karl Mueller, and Jim Downing) that they can make  
that call. Is it then true that no other project members can make that  
call? Or have you just forgotten to verify your attendance on the  
doodle page at http://doodle.com/2zwwhksqr6vxpfef? In any case, please  
see if you can make that call so we can move our work forward.

3. We had some discussions at our Penn State meeting about the next  
face-to-face meeting sometime in the third quarter of 2009. We had  
also chatted about doing this in the UK. However, since then, as I  
assume you have seen, the announcement came out for the next Microsoft  
eScience conference at Carnegie Mellon on October 15 through October  
17. Much as I would like to make life easier for our UK colleagues, it  
seems foolish to not tack a meeting on to this already existing  
meeting. Please let me know what you feel about this.

4. Finally, the submission deadline for the eScience conference is  
July 30. I would like to add to the agenda on our July 13 call a  
discussion of what we plan to submit to this conference. I think it is  
very important that we have some demonstrable and reportable progress  
by that point.

Carl

_______________________________________________
Orechem mailing list
Orechem@openarchives.org
http://www.openarchives.org/mailman/listinfo/orechem


From clagoze at gmail.com  Wed Jul  1 15:37:38 2009
From: clagoze at gmail.com (Carl Lagoze)
Date: Wed Jul  1 15:37:46 2009
Subject: [Orechem] Various reminders
In-Reply-To: <A4A14952D0F50E42A240BF353BEA3DED5B98665EAD@NA-EXMSG-C109.redmond.corp.microsoft.com>
References: <08DD6A9C-CA7A-402C-9CBA-3CCA8D8989AB@gmail.com>
	<A4A14952D0F50E42A240BF353BEA3DED5B98665EAD@NA-EXMSG-C109.redmond.corp.microsoft.com>
Message-ID: <46DC35FA-F87A-4F72-8721-4ABD7F31A4F2@gmail.com>

Lee,

Thanks for getting back to me on this. We will miss you on the 13th  
but will press on without you. Regarding the meeting date I fully  
agree that the October 15 date makes sense (easy for me to say since  
Pittsburgh is so easy for me to get to) but I want to hear from the  
rest of the crowd.
On Jul 1, 2009, at 1:49 PM, Lee Dirks wrote:

> A couple of quick comments...
>
> Re #2 - I won't be able to make the call on the 13th.  Just FYI.
>
> Re #3 - Until we lock on a specific official date/location for the  
> 3rd Q meeting, I'd still like us to please try and hold the date of  
> Thursday, October 15th for a meeting at CMU in Pittsburgh.  The  
> eScience Workshop doesn't start until the evening on the 15th -- so  
> if we arrived on the 14th, we could have a day-long meeting on the  
> 15th and move straight into the planned eScience welcome event that  
> evening.
>
> Thanks,
> -jld
>
> -----Original Message-----
> From: orechem-bounces@openarchives.org [mailto:orechem-bounces@openarchives.org 
> ] On Behalf Of Carl Lagoze
> Sent: Wednesday, July 01, 2009 10:03 AM
> To: orechem@openarchives.org
> Subject: [Orechem] Various reminders
>
>  Hi everyone;
>
> I wanted to remind you of a few things that we have all committed to
> or need to pay attention to.
>
> 1. The various teams have committed to putting up a scope statement
> for their respective ontologies by July 6. That is this coming Monday
> and I strongly urge you to follow through on your commitment to that
> date.
>
> 2. We had also agreed to a phone call at noon Eastern time on Monday,
> July 13 to review the ontology scope statements and move onto the next
> step. At this point I received replies from only four people (Simon
> Coles, Alex Wade, Karl Mueller, and Jim Downing) that they can make
> that call. Is it then true that no other project members can make that
> call? Or have you just forgotten to verify your attendance on the
> doodle page at http://doodle.com/2zwwhksqr6vxpfef? In any case, please
> see if you can make that call so we can move our work forward.
>
> 3. We had some discussions at our Penn State meeting about the next
> face-to-face meeting sometime in the third quarter of 2009. We had
> also chatted about doing this in the UK. However, since then, as I
> assume you have seen, the announcement came out for the next Microsoft
> eScience conference at Carnegie Mellon on October 15 through October
> 17. Much as I would like to make life easier for our UK colleagues, it
> seems foolish to not tack a meeting on to this already existing
> meeting. Please let me know what you feel about this.
>
> 4. Finally, the submission deadline for the eScience conference is
> July 30. I would like to add to the agenda on our July 13 call a
> discussion of what we plan to submit to this conference. I think it is
> very important that we have some demonstrable and reportable progress
> by that point.
>
> Carl
>
> _______________________________________________
> Orechem mailing list
> Orechem@openarchives.org
> http://www.openarchives.org/mailman/listinfo/orechem
>
>
> _______________________________________________
> Orechem mailing list
> Orechem@openarchives.org
> http://www.openarchives.org/mailman/listinfo/orechem


From na303 at cam.ac.uk  Thu Jul  2 05:40:06 2009
From: na303 at cam.ac.uk (Nico Adams)
Date: Thu Jul  2 05:40:40 2009
Subject: [Orechem] Various reminders
In-Reply-To: <46DC35FA-F87A-4F72-8721-4ABD7F31A4F2@gmail.com>
References: <08DD6A9C-CA7A-402C-9CBA-3CCA8D8989AB@gmail.com>
	<A4A14952D0F50E42A240BF353BEA3DED5B98665EAD@NA-EXMSG-C109.redmond.corp.microsoft.com>
	<46DC35FA-F87A-4F72-8721-4ABD7F31A4F2@gmail.com>
Message-ID: <bbce058c0907020240l3511cccdm5b9e06e1e81b3d59@mail.gmail.com>

Dear All,
much as I would like to remain involved, meeting-wise I obviously cannot
commit to anything right now. All the best for the meeting though. I'll be
on the telco on the 13th.

All the best,

Nico

On Wed, Jul 1, 2009 at 8:37 PM, Carl Lagoze <clagoze@gmail.com> wrote:

> Lee,
>
> Thanks for getting back to me on this. We will miss you on the 13th but
> will press on without you. Regarding the meeting date I fully agree that the
> October 15 date makes sense (easy for me to say since Pittsburgh is so easy
> for me to get to) but I want to hear from the rest of the crowd.
>
> On Jul 1, 2009, at 1:49 PM, Lee Dirks wrote:
>
>  A couple of quick comments...
>>
>> Re #2 - I won't be able to make the call on the 13th.  Just FYI.
>>
>> Re #3 - Until we lock on a specific official date/location for the 3rd Q
>> meeting, I'd still like us to please try and hold the date of Thursday,
>> October 15th for a meeting at CMU in Pittsburgh.  The eScience Workshop
>> doesn't start until the evening on the 15th -- so if we arrived on the 14th,
>> we could have a day-long meeting on the 15th and move straight into the
>> planned eScience welcome event that evening.
>>
>> Thanks,
>> -jld
>>
>> -----Original Message-----
>> From: orechem-bounces@openarchives.org [mailto:
>> orechem-bounces@openarchives.org] On Behalf Of Carl Lagoze
>> Sent: Wednesday, July 01, 2009 10:03 AM
>> To: orechem@openarchives.org
>> Subject: [Orechem] Various reminders
>>
>>  Hi everyone;
>>
>> I wanted to remind you of a few things that we have all committed to
>> or need to pay attention to.
>>
>> 1. The various teams have committed to putting up a scope statement
>> for their respective ontologies by July 6. That is this coming Monday
>> and I strongly urge you to follow through on your commitment to that
>> date.
>>
>> 2. We had also agreed to a phone call at noon Eastern time on Monday,
>> July 13 to review the ontology scope statements and move onto the next
>> step. At this point I received replies from only four people (Simon
>> Coles, Alex Wade, Karl Mueller, and Jim Downing) that they can make
>> that call. Is it then true that no other project members can make that
>> call? Or have you just forgotten to verify your attendance on the
>> doodle page at http://doodle.com/2zwwhksqr6vxpfef? In any case, please
>> see if you can make that call so we can move our work forward.
>>
>> 3. We had some discussions at our Penn State meeting about the next
>> face-to-face meeting sometime in the third quarter of 2009. We had
>> also chatted about doing this in the UK. However, since then, as I
>> assume you have seen, the announcement came out for the next Microsoft
>> eScience conference at Carnegie Mellon on October 15 through October
>> 17. Much as I would like to make life easier for our UK colleagues, it
>> seems foolish to not tack a meeting on to this already existing
>> meeting. Please let me know what you feel about this.
>>
>> 4. Finally, the submission deadline for the eScience conference is
>> July 30. I would like to add to the agenda on our July 13 call a
>> discussion of what we plan to submit to this conference. I think it is
>> very important that we have some demonstrable and reportable progress
>> by that point.
>>
>> Carl
>>
>> _______________________________________________
>> Orechem mailing list
>> Orechem@openarchives.org
>> http://www.openarchives.org/mailman/listinfo/orechem
>>
>>
>> _______________________________________________
>> Orechem mailing list
>> Orechem@openarchives.org
>> http://www.openarchives.org/mailman/listinfo/orechem
>>
>
>
> _______________________________________________
> Orechem mailing list
> Orechem@openarchives.org
> http://www.openarchives.org/mailman/listinfo/orechem
>
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: http://www.openarchives.org/pipermail/orechem/attachments/20090702/5b4e7208/attachment.htm
From clagoze at gmail.com  Tue Jul  7 14:35:44 2009
From: clagoze at gmail.com (Carl Lagoze)
Date: Tue Jul  7 14:35:50 2009
Subject: [Orechem] ontology work
Message-ID: <FF5378AE-CCBA-4E13-B0A4-462FA2A03BE3@gmail.com>

I missed my own deadline by one day, but we now have some thoughts  
regarding ontologies on the wiki page.  I recommend review by all  
before our scheduled phone call next monday July 13 at noon eastern US  
time.  I'll send our more notes about that call later in the week.

Carl

From clagoze at gmail.com  Fri Jul 10 16:20:40 2009
From: clagoze at gmail.com (Carl Lagoze)
Date: Fri Jul 10 16:20:47 2009
Subject: [Orechem] Phone call Monday, July 13 noon Eastern US time
Message-ID: <AC14E0C2-3E86-407E-ADE1-6E1588B942FE@gmail.com>

As previously announced we had a phone call scheduled for noon on July  
13 Eastern US time. Alex, can you please give us a conference call  
number?

Here is the agenda for the call:

1. Discussion of ontologies. Please review the information that has  
been put up on the wiki. The writer of each wiki page should be  
prepared to do a short presentation of what they have put up.

2. Discussion of Indiana work in cooperation with Cambridge and Penn  
State. Marlon, can you please be prepared to present this.

3. Discussion what we should propose for a presentation at the October  
Microsoft eScience conference in Pittsburgh. I am happy to write up a  
proposal but I think the topic should be something that we jointly  
develop.

4. Alternatives for our next face-to-face meeting. The obvious one is  
in connection with the Pittsburgh conference, but we need to discuss  
this. Previously we had spoken about something in the UK, perhaps for  
December?

Talk to you all day, have a great weekend.

Carl

PS. A number of you never answered the call scheduling doodle. Please  
join the call if you can.

From Alex.Wade at microsoft.com  Fri Jul 10 16:51:32 2009
From: Alex.Wade at microsoft.com (Alex Wade)
Date: Fri Jul 10 16:52:09 2009
Subject: [Orechem] Phone call Monday, July 13 noon Eastern US time
In-Reply-To: <AC14E0C2-3E86-407E-ADE1-6E1588B942FE@gmail.com>
References: <AC14E0C2-3E86-407E-ADE1-6E1588B942FE@gmail.com>
Message-ID: <5FC9FB7FE1449E44978E254272CF5EDA178D75D3@tk5ex14mbxc106.redmond.corp.microsoft.com>

Here is the dial-in number and passcode.  Either Lee (Dirks) or I will be on to get the call started, however we have an event going on here and so we will be unable to stay on for the full call.



Toll-free:                        +1-8665006738
Toll for UK:                     +44-1189092000
Participant Code:            474753



Have a nice weekend.   ---Alex



-----Original Message-----
From: orechem-bounces@openarchives.org [mailto:orechem-bounces@openarchives.org] On Behalf Of Carl Lagoze
Sent: Friday, July 10, 2009 1:21 PM
To: orechem@openarchives.org
Subject: [Orechem] Phone call Monday, July 13 noon Eastern US time



As previously announced we had a phone call scheduled for noon on July

13 Eastern US time. Alex, can you please give us a conference call

number?



Here is the agenda for the call:



1. Discussion of ontologies. Please review the information that has

been put up on the wiki. The writer of each wiki page should be

prepared to do a short presentation of what they have put up.



2. Discussion of Indiana work in cooperation with Cambridge and Penn

State. Marlon, can you please be prepared to present this.



3. Discussion what we should propose for a presentation at the October

Microsoft eScience conference in Pittsburgh. I am happy to write up a

proposal but I think the topic should be something that we jointly

develop.



4. Alternatives for our next face-to-face meeting. The obvious one is

in connection with the Pittsburgh conference, but we need to discuss

this. Previously we had spoken about something in the UK, perhaps for

December?



Talk to you all day, have a great weekend.



Carl



PS. A number of you never answered the call scheduling doodle. Please

join the call if you can.



_______________________________________________

Orechem mailing list

Orechem@openarchives.org

http://www.openarchives.org/mailman/listinfo/orechem


-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: http://www.openarchives.org/pipermail/orechem/attachments/20090710/b3713843/attachment.htm
From pm286 at cam.ac.uk  Mon Jul 13 09:43:26 2009
From: pm286 at cam.ac.uk (Peter Murray-Rust)
Date: Mon Jul 13 09:43:58 2009
Subject: [Orechem] Phone call Monday, July 13 noon Eastern US time
In-Reply-To: <AC14E0C2-3E86-407E-ADE1-6E1588B942FE@gmail.com>
References: <AC14E0C2-3E86-407E-ADE1-6E1588B942FE@gmail.com>
Message-ID: <67fd68330907130643y550d5d08x10fcfb00e279cb4b@mail.gmail.com>

I am not sure whether Alex and/or I can get out of the meeting at 0900. I am
in Alex's hands. My input:

(a) ontologies. As we go through the computational workflow we are building
the basis of an ontology for compchem and for Gaussian. This will be
empirical at first but is designed to link into the workflow and be
compatible with ChemAxiom. We have a student on another project who may be
able to help systematize the material we collect and test it out.

(b) HT computation of the literature.

The overall scheme is:
1. scrape the supplemental data from chemistry papers and expose the PDFs as
an Atom Feed.
2. ingest this feed and extract the molecules and spectra and expose as SVG
Atom feed
3. ingest SVGAtom and transform tp CMLAtom
4. ingest CMLAtom, compute properties and expose enhanced CMLAtom+
5. ingest CMLAtom+ and transform to RDFAtom (this step is tentative)

(1). Currently Nick Day is doing this for supp data ACTION: Nick to provide
simple example of PDFAtom feed. (Later we expect similar from Lee+P for
fulltext)

(2). Bill and Mark own this step. ACTION: (i) To test ingestion of PDFAtom.
(ii) to produce example of SVGAtom output (iii) to implement workflow

(3) Cambridge. (i) test ingestion of SVGAtom (ii) build Lensfield workflow
(iii) provide CMLAtom feed

(4)Marlon with help from Cambridge (i) ingest CMLAtom feed (ii) install
Lensfield for gaussian calculations (iii) create process for submitting and
retrieving jobs (iv) expose CMLAtom+

(5) to be discussed.

I think the most challenging step is 2

If I am not there I may still have Skypechat or Googlechat active

P.









On Fri, Jul 10, 2009 at 9:20 PM, Carl Lagoze <clagoze@gmail.com> wrote:

> As previously announced we had a phone call scheduled for noon on July 13
> Eastern US time. Alex, can you please give us a conference call number?
>
> Here is the agenda for the call:
>
> 1. Discussion of ontologies. Please review the information that has been
> put up on the wiki. The writer of each wiki page should be prepared to do a
> short presentation of what they have put up.
>
> 2. Discussion of Indiana work in cooperation with Cambridge and Penn State.
> Marlon, can you please be prepared to present this.
>
> 3. Discussion what we should propose for a presentation at the October
> Microsoft eScience conference in Pittsburgh. I am happy to write up a
> proposal but I think the topic should be something that we jointly develop.
>
> 4. Alternatives for our next face-to-face meeting. The obvious one is in
> connection with the Pittsburgh conference, but we need to discuss this.
> Previously we had spoken about something in the UK, perhaps for December?
>
> Talk to you all day, have a great weekend.
>
> Carl
>
> PS. A number of you never answered the call scheduling doodle. Please join
> the call if you can.
>
> _______________________________________________
> Orechem mailing list
> Orechem@openarchives.org
> http://www.openarchives.org/mailman/listinfo/orechem
>



-- 
Peter Murray-Rust
Reader in Molecular Informatics
Unilever Centre, Dep. Of Chemistry
University of Cambridge
CB2 1EW, UK
+44-1223-763069
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: http://www.openarchives.org/pipermail/orechem/attachments/20090713/acb59d16/attachment.htm
From wjb19 at psu.edu  Mon Jul 13 10:02:43 2009
From: wjb19 at psu.edu (WILLIAM J BROUWER)
Date: Mon Jul 13 10:03:14 2009
Subject: [Orechem] Phone call Monday, July 13 noon Eastern US time
In-Reply-To: 67fd68330907130643y550d5d08x10fcfb00e279cb4b@mail.gmail.com
References: <AC14E0C2-3E86-407E-ADE1-6E1588B942FE@gmail.com><67fd68330907130643y550d5d0
	8x10fcfb00e279cb4b@mail.gmail.com>
Message-ID: <1247493763l.565274l.0l@psu.edu>

Thanks Peter, that makes things very clear for Mark/I

If someone could get us access to the requisite document collection to batch &
properly test our codes,
that's all we need 

cheers,
bill

On Mon, Jul 13, 2009 09:43 AM, Peter Murray-Rust <pm286@cam.ac.uk> wrote:
>
>
>I am not sure whether Alex and/or I can get out of the meeting at 0900. I am
in Alex's hands. My input:
>
>(a) ontologies. As we go through the computational workflow we are building
the basis of an ontology for compchem and for Gaussian. This will be empirical
at first but is designed to link into the workflow and be compatible with
ChemAxiom. We have a student on another project who may be able to help
systematize the material we collect and test it out.
>
>(b) HT computation of the literature.
>
>The overall scheme is:
>1. scrape the supplemental data from chemistry papers and expose the PDFs as
an Atom Feed. 
>2. ingest this feed and extract the molecules and spectra and expose as SVG
Atom feed
>
>3. ingest SVGAtom and transform tp CMLAtom
>4. ingest CMLAtom, compute properties and expose enhanced CMLAtom+
>5. ingest CMLAtom+ and transform to RDFAtom (this step is tentative)
>
>(1). Currently Nick Day is doing this for supp data ACTION: Nick to provide
simple example of PDFAtom feed. (Later we expect similar from Lee+P for
fulltext)
>
>(2). Bill and Mark own this step. ACTION: (i) To test ingestion of PDFAtom. 
(ii) to produce example of SVGAtom output (iii) to implement workflow
>
>(3) Cambridge. (i) test ingestion of SVGAtom (ii) build Lensfield workflow
(iii) provide CMLAtom feed
>
>(4)Marlon with help from Cambridge (i) ingest CMLAtom feed (ii) install
Lensfield for gaussian calculations (iii) create process for submitting and
retrieving jobs (iv) expose CMLAtom+ 
>
>(5) to be discussed.
>
>I think the most challenging step is 2
>
>If I am not there I may still have Skypechat or Googlechat active
>
>P.
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>


>>On Fri, Jul 10, 2009 at 9:20 PM, Carl Lagoze <<#>> wrote:
>As previously announced we had a phone call scheduled for noon on July 13
Eastern US time. Alex, can you please give us a conference call number?
>
>
>Here is the agenda for the call:
>
>
>1. Discussion of ontologies. Please review the information that has been put
up on the wiki. The writer of each wiki page should be prepared to do a short
presentation of what they have put up.
>
>
>2. Discussion of Indiana work in cooperation with Cambridge and Penn State.
Marlon, can you please be prepared to present this.
>
>
>3. Discussion what we should propose for a presentation at the October
Microsoft eScience conference in Pittsburgh. I am happy to write up a proposal
but I think the topic should be something that we jointly develop.
>
>
>4. Alternatives for our next face-to-face meeting. The obvious one is in
connection with the Pittsburgh conference, but we need to discuss this.
Previously we had spoken about something in the UK, perhaps for December?
>
>
>Talk to you all day, have a great weekend.
>
>
>Carl
>
>
>PS. A number of you never answered the call scheduling doodle. Please join the
call if you can.
>
>
>_______________________________________________
>
>Orechem mailing list
><#>
><http://www.openarchives.org/mailman/listinfo/orechem>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>-- 
>Peter Murray-Rust
>Reader in Molecular Informatics
>Unilever Centre, Dep. Of Chemistry
>University of Cambridge
>CB2 1EW, UK
>+44-1223-763069
>
_______________________________________________
>Orechem mailing list
>Orechem@openarchives.org
>http://www.openarchives.org/mailman/listinfo/orechem
>




-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: http://www.openarchives.org/pipermail/orechem/attachments/20090713/fcb9494d/attachment.htm
From clagoze at gmail.com  Mon Jul 13 10:57:08 2009
From: clagoze at gmail.com (Carl Lagoze)
Date: Mon Jul 13 10:57:45 2009
Subject: [Orechem] Phone call Monday, July 13 noon Eastern US time
In-Reply-To: <67fd68330907130643y550d5d08x10fcfb00e279cb4b@mail.gmail.com>
References: <AC14E0C2-3E86-407E-ADE1-6E1588B942FE@gmail.com>
	<67fd68330907130643y550d5d08x10fcfb00e279cb4b@mail.gmail.com>
Message-ID: <4C640242-FCE6-4B3B-BE6E-5087D895C75C@gmail.com>

Thanks Peter - I put these up on the wiki.
On Jul 13, 2009, at 9:43 AM, Peter Murray-Rust wrote:

> I am not sure whether Alex and/or I can get out of the meeting at  
> 0900. I am in Alex's hands. My input:
>
> (a) ontologies. As we go through the computational workflow we are  
> building the basis of an ontology for compchem and for Gaussian.  
> This will be empirical at first but is designed to link into the  
> workflow and be compatible with ChemAxiom. We have a student on  
> another project who may be able to help systematize the material we  
> collect and test it out.
>
> (b) HT computation of the literature.
>
> The overall scheme is:
> 1. scrape the supplemental data from chemistry papers and expose the  
> PDFs as an Atom Feed.
> 2. ingest this feed and extract the molecules and spectra and expose  
> as SVG Atom feed
> 3. ingest SVGAtom and transform tp CMLAtom
> 4. ingest CMLAtom, compute properties and expose enhanced CMLAtom+
> 5. ingest CMLAtom+ and transform to RDFAtom (this step is tentative)
>
> (1). Currently Nick Day is doing this for supp data ACTION: Nick to  
> provide simple example of PDFAtom feed. (Later we expect similar  
> from Lee+P for fulltext)
>
> (2). Bill and Mark own this step. ACTION: (i) To test ingestion of  
> PDFAtom.  (ii) to produce example of SVGAtom output (iii) to  
> implement workflow
>
> (3) Cambridge. (i) test ingestion of SVGAtom (ii) build Lensfield  
> workflow (iii) provide CMLAtom feed
>
> (4)Marlon with help from Cambridge (i) ingest CMLAtom feed (ii)  
> install Lensfield for gaussian calculations (iii) create process for  
> submitting and retrieving jobs (iv) expose CMLAtom+
>
> (5) to be discussed.
>
> I think the most challenging step is 2


From clagoze at gmail.com  Mon Jul 13 10:58:01 2009
From: clagoze at gmail.com (Carl Lagoze)
Date: Mon Jul 13 10:58:06 2009
Subject: [Orechem] Phone call Monday, July 13 noon Eastern US time
In-Reply-To: <1247493763l.565274l.0l@psu.edu>
References: <AC14E0C2-3E86-407E-ADE1-6E1588B942FE@gmail.com><67fd68330907130643y550d5d0
	8x10fcfb00e279cb4b@mail.gmail.com> <1247493763l.565274l.0l@psu.edu>
Message-ID: <C725080F-269E-49A4-B41C-6C4BF4B34C7A@gmail.com>

Who can get this for Bill?
On Jul 13, 2009, at 10:02 AM, WILLIAM J BROUWER wrote:

> Thanks Peter, that makes things very clear for Mark/I
>
> If someone could get us access to the requisite document collection  
> to batch & properly test our codes,
> that's all we need
>
> cheers,
> bill
>
> On Mon, Jul 13, 2009 09:43 AM, Peter Murray-Rust <pm286@cam.ac.uk>  
> wrote:
> I am not sure whether Alex and/or I can get out of the meeting at  
> 0900. I am in Alex's hands. My input:
>
> (a) ontologies. As we go through the computational workflow we are  
> building the basis of an ontology for compchem and for Gaussian.  
> This will be empirical at first but is designed to link into the  
> workflow and be compatible with ChemAxiom. We have a student on  
> another project who may be able to help systematize the material we  
> collect and test it out.
>
> (b) HT computation of the literature.
>
> The overall scheme is:
> 1. scrape the supplemental data from chemistry papers and expose the  
> PDFs as an Atom Feed.
> 2. ingest this feed and extract the molecules and spectra and expose  
> as SVG Atom feed
> 3. ingest SVGAtom and transform tp CMLAtom
> 4. ingest CMLAtom, compute properties and expose enhanced CMLAtom+
> 5. ingest CMLAtom+ and transform to RDFAtom (this step is tentative)
>
> (1). Currently Nick Day is doing this for supp data ACTION: Nick to  
> provide simple example of PDFAtom feed. (Later we expect similar  
> from Lee+P for fulltext)
>
> (2). Bill and Mark own this step. ACTION: (i) To test ingestion of  
> PDFAtom.  (ii) to produce example of SVGAtom output (iii) to  
> implement workflow
>
> (3) Cambridge. (i) test ingestion of SVGAtom (ii) build Lensfield  
> workflow (iii) provide CMLAtom feed
>
> (4)Marlon with help from Cambridge (i) ingest CMLAtom feed (ii)  
> install Lensfield for gaussian calculations (iii) create process for  
> submitting and retrieving jobs (iv) expose CMLAtom+
>
> (5) to be discussed.
>
> I think the most challenging step is 2
>
> If I am not there I may still have Skypechat or Googlechat active
>
> P.
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
> On Fri, Jul 10, 2009 at 9:20 PM, Carl Lagoze <clagoze@gmail.com>  
> wrote:
> As previously announced we had a phone call scheduled for noon on  
> July 13 Eastern US time. Alex, can you please give us a conference  
> call number?
>
> Here is the agenda for the call:
>
> 1. Discussion of ontologies. Please review the information that has  
> been put up on the wiki. The writer of each wiki page should be  
> prepared to do a short presentation of what they have put up.
>
> 2. Discussion of Indiana work in cooperation with Cambridge and Penn  
> State. Marlon, can you please be prepared to present this.
>
> 3. Discussion what we should propose for a presentation at the  
> October Microsoft eScience conference in Pittsburgh. I am happy to  
> write up a proposal but I think the topic should be something that  
> we jointly develop.
>
> 4. Alternatives for our next face-to-face meeting. The obvious one  
> is in connection with the Pittsburgh conference, but we need to  
> discuss this. Previously we had spoken about something in the UK,  
> perhaps for December?
>
> Talk to you all day, have a great weekend.
>
> Carl
>
> PS. A number of you never answered the call scheduling doodle.  
> Please join the call if you can.
>
> _______________________________________________
> Orechem mailing list
> Orechem@openarchives.org
> http://www.openarchives.org/mailman/listinfo/orechem
>
>
>
> -- 
> Peter Murray-Rust
> Reader in Molecular Informatics
> Unilever Centre, Dep. Of Chemistry
> University of Cambridge
> CB2 1EW, UK
> +44-1223-763069
>  _______________________________________________
> Orechem mailing list
> Orechem@openarchives.org
> http://www.openarchives.org/mailman/listinfo/orechem
>
>
>

-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: http://www.openarchives.org/pipermail/orechem/attachments/20090713/e744eec4/attachment-0001.htm
From pm286 at cam.ac.uk  Mon Jul 13 12:15:46 2009
From: pm286 at cam.ac.uk (Peter Murray-Rust)
Date: Mon Jul 13 12:16:19 2009
Subject: [Orechem] Phone call Monday, July 13 noon Eastern US time
In-Reply-To: <1247493763l.565274l.0l@psu.edu>
References: <AC14E0C2-3E86-407E-ADE1-6E1588B942FE@gmail.com>
	<1247493763l.565274l.0l@psu.edu>
Message-ID: <67fd68330907130915p2c586e37nab5d246e2ad9440c@mail.gmail.com>

I am online so skype if required.

The initial video has shown both Carl and OREChem and also PMR and
Word2007...



On Mon, Jul 13, 2009 at 3:02 PM, WILLIAM J BROUWER <wjb19@psu.edu> wrote:

> Thanks Peter, that makes things very clear for Mark/I
>
> If someone could get us access to the requisite document collection to
> batch & properly test our codes,
> that's all we need
>

We'll set up a test harness for each step. I'll look to Nick to advise on
the PDFAtom feed and that should set the scene for the others.

Talked to Alex at breakfast and he should have set the scene on this. I have
suggested we have a working pipeline by mid-august so we should have the
Atom feed formats formalised in the next week.

P.

>
>
> cheers,
> bill
>
> On Mon, Jul 13, 2009 09:43 AM, *Peter Murray-Rust <pm286@cam.ac.uk>*wrote:
>
> I am not sure whether Alex and/or I can get out of the meeting at 0900. I
> am in Alex's hands. My input:
>
> (a) ontologies. As we go through the computational workflow we are building
> the basis of an ontology for compchem and for Gaussian. This will be
> empirical at first but is designed to link into the workflow and be
> compatible with ChemAxiom. We have a student on another project who may be
> able to help systematize the material we collect and test it out.
>
> (b) HT computation of the literature.
>
> The overall scheme is:
> 1. scrape the supplemental data from chemistry papers and expose the PDFs
> as an Atom Feed.
> 2. ingest this feed and extract the molecules and spectra and expose as SVG
> Atom feed
> 3. ingest SVGAtom and transform tp CMLAtom
> 4. ingest CMLAtom, compute properties and expose enhanced CMLAtom+
> 5. ingest CMLAtom+ and transform to RDFAtom (this step is tentative)
>
> (1). Currently Nick Day is doing this for supp data ACTION: Nick to provide
> simple example of PDFAtom feed. (Later we expect similar from Lee+P for
> fulltext)
>
> (2). Bill and Mark own this step. ACTION: (i) To test ingestion of
> PDFAtom.  (ii) to produce example of SVGAtom output (iii) to implement
> workflow
>
> (3) Cambridge. (i) test ingestion of SVGAtom (ii) build Lensfield workflow
> (iii) provide CMLAtom feed
>
> (4)Marlon with help from Cambridge (i) ingest CMLAtom feed (ii) install
> Lensfield for gaussian calculations (iii) create process for submitting and
> retrieving jobs (iv) expose CMLAtom+
>
> (5) to be discussed.
>
> I think the most challenging step is 2
>
> If I am not there I may still have Skypechat or Googlechat active
>
> P.
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
> On Fri, Jul 10, 2009 at 9:20 PM, Carl Lagoze <clagoze@gmail.com<#122746ca666b0004_>
> > wrote:
>
>> As previously announced we had a phone call scheduled for noon on July 13
>> Eastern US time. Alex, can you please give us a conference call number?
>>
>> Here is the agenda for the call:
>>
>> 1. Discussion of ontologies. Please review the information that has been
>> put up on the wiki. The writer of each wiki page should be prepared to do a
>> short presentation of what they have put up.
>>
>> 2. Discussion of Indiana work in cooperation with Cambridge and Penn
>> State. Marlon, can you please be prepared to present this.
>>
>> 3. Discussion what we should propose for a presentation at the October
>> Microsoft eScience conference in Pittsburgh. I am happy to write up a
>> proposal but I think the topic should be something that we jointly develop.
>>
>> 4. Alternatives for our next face-to-face meeting. The obvious one is in
>> connection with the Pittsburgh conference, but we need to discuss this.
>> Previously we had spoken about something in the UK, perhaps for December?
>>
>> Talk to you all day, have a great weekend.
>>
>> Carl
>>
>> PS. A number of you never answered the call scheduling doodle. Please join
>> the call if you can.
>>
>> _______________________________________________
>> Orechem mailing list
>> Orechem@openarchives.org <#122746ca666b0004_>
>> http://www.openarchives.org/mailman/listinfo/orechem
>>
>
>
>
> --
> Peter Murray-Rust
> Reader in Molecular Informatics
> Unilever Centre, Dep. Of Chemistry
> University of Cambridge
> CB2 1EW, UK
> +44-1223-763069
>
> _______________________________________________
> Orechem mailing listOrechem@openarchives.orghttp://www.openarchives.org/mailman/listinfo/orechem
>
>
>
>
>


-- 
Peter Murray-Rust
Reader in Molecular Informatics
Unilever Centre, Dep. Of Chemistry
University of Cambridge
CB2 1EW, UK
+44-1223-763069
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: http://www.openarchives.org/pipermail/orechem/attachments/20090713/e3de1ce1/attachment.htm
From clagoze at gmail.com  Wed Jul 22 15:21:36 2009
From: clagoze at gmail.com (Carl Lagoze)
Date: Wed Jul 22 15:22:13 2009
Subject: [Orechem] needed for submission to MS eScience conference
Message-ID: <A63E6F98-14E7-467D-AAB9-950B11F6E585@gmail.com>

HI:

It our recent phone call I volunteered to put together a submission to  
the 2009 MS eScience Conference - http://research.microsoft.com/en-us/events/escience2009/ 
.

I want it to include the following:

- Information extraction from documents - PSU, can you folks sent me  
2-3 paragraphs on this
- ontology work - I will take care of this (BTW, I am planning to have  
a trial document ontology to share before I go on vacation next Thurs.)
- NMR and Chemistry Extraction - I need 2-3 paragraphs on this.  Since  
this work is spread across several sites can someone grab control over  
this (Simon, Mark?)

I need this all by beginning of day on Monday by the latest.

Thanks

From clagoze at gmail.com  Tue Jul 28 14:38:32 2009
From: clagoze at gmail.com (Carl Lagoze)
Date: Tue Jul 28 14:39:08 2009
Subject: [Orechem] Document ontology and instance prototypes
Message-ID: <D69F4321-7A99-4447-A8CE-9AB25FF5704C@gmail.com>

Hi all:

I just put up on the wiki at http://services.nsdl.org/trac/oreChem/wiki/DocumentOntology 
  the results of a good bit of work I've done on a proposed document  
ontology for the project.  The text below is the guts of the wiki  
entry.  I realize the work is not yet complete, but I think it gives a  
reasonable working model of what the PSU folks should use to represent  
info extracted from documents (I used the spec sent by Lee GIles as my  
requirements document).  As I say in the wiki text, the model is ORE  
compatible, which I consider quite important.

I'd work more on this but am leaving for vacation on Thursday through  
August 16 (no email contact) and wanted to get this out.  Flame at  
will but I won't respond till return.

Now onto my N other deadlines before leaving.

Carl



PPrototype document ontology and instance

I've attached to this wiki page three files that show my proposal thus  
far:

orechem.owl (probobly should be rdfs) - This is a set of vocabulary  
terms that I had to invent for the ontology. Virtually all are  
specializations (subclasses or subproperties) of terms from other  
vocabularies.
orechem-article.xml - An rdf instance file illustrating a rather  
complete example of the use of orechem.owl and lots of other  
vocabularies. I models an article in a journal. To do that it uses  
vocabulary terms from lots of namespaces including:
Dublin Core elements and terms
foaf
ore
chemaxiom
bibo
vcard
orechem-article.svg - A graphical display (From ISAVIZ) of orechem- 
article.xml. Lots of triples here so you'll have to zoom in.
You will note that the example is compatible with the ORE notion of an  
Aggregation (and describing Resource Map), modulo a few missing  
metadata elements. This was obviously a priority for me since we want  
to fit into this generic space.

Also, probably much to Nico's chagrin, this is all an RDF-based rather  
than OWL-based model. Sorry, but too much of the world (e.g., DC, ORE,  
bibo) does not fit in the OWL space, but in the more generic RDF  
space. We do loose inferencing ability, but personally I don't see  
that as important until triple stores scale-up to that task.
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: http://www.openarchives.org/pipermail/orechem/attachments/20090728/32cb172c/attachment.htm
From J.G.Frey at soton.ac.uk  Tue Jul 28 16:35:56 2009
From: J.G.Frey at soton.ac.uk (Frey J.G.)
Date: Tue Jul 28 16:36:10 2009
Subject: [Orechem] Document ontology and instance prototypes
In-Reply-To: <D69F4321-7A99-4447-A8CE-9AB25FF5704C@gmail.com>
Message-ID: <C6951FBC.CA17%j.g.frey@soton.ac.uk>

Is this consistent with the Experiment Ontology put up by Mark?
Jeremy



On 28/07/2009 19:38, "Carl Lagoze" <clagoze@gmail.com> wrote:

Hi all:

I just put up on the wiki at http://services.nsdl.org/trac/oreChem/wiki/DocumentOntology the results of a good bit of work I've done on a proposed document ontology for the project.  The text below is the guts of the wiki entry.  I realize the work is not yet complete, but I think it gives a reasonable working model of what the PSU folks should use to represent info extracted from documents (I used the spec sent by Lee GIles as my requirements document).  As I say in the wiki text, the model is ORE compatible, which I consider quite important.

I'd work more on this but am leaving for vacation on Thursday through August 16 (no email contact) and wanted to get this out.  Flame at will but I won't respond till return.

Now onto my N other deadlines before leaving.

Carl



PPrototype document ontology and instance <http://services.nsdl.org/trac/oreChem/wiki/DocumentOntology#Prototypedocumentontologyandinstance>
I've attached to this wiki page three files that show my proposal thus far:

 *   orechem.owl (probobly should be rdfs) - This is a set of vocabulary terms that I had to invent for the ontology. Virtually all are specializations (subclasses or subproperties) of terms from other vocabularies.
 *   orechem-article.xml - An rdf instance file illustrating a rather complete example of the use of orechem.owl and lots of other vocabularies. I models an article in a journal. To do that it uses vocabulary terms from lots of namespaces including:
    *   Dublin Core elements and terms
    *   foaf
    *   ore
    *   chemaxiom
    *   bibo
    *   vcard
 *   orechem-article.svg - A graphical display (From ISAVIZ) of orechem-article.xml. Lots of triples here so you'll have to zoom in.

You will note that the example is compatible with the ORE notion of an Aggregation (and describing Resource Map), modulo a few missing metadata elements. This was obviously a priority for me since we want to fit into this generic space.

Also, probably much to Nico's chagrin, this is all an RDF-based rather than OWL-based model. Sorry, but too much of the world (e.g., DC, ORE, bibo) does not fit in the OWL space, but in the more generic RDF space. We do loose inferencing ability, but personally I don't see that as important until triple stores scale-up to that task.




From clagoze at gmail.com  Wed Jul 29 10:47:45 2009
From: clagoze at gmail.com (Carl Lagoze)
Date: Wed Jul 29 10:48:22 2009
Subject: [Orechem] Document ontology and instance prototypes
In-Reply-To: <C6951FBC.CA17%j.g.frey@soton.ac.uk>
References: <C6951FBC.CA17%j.g.frey@soton.ac.uk>
Message-ID: <0443E242-67FF-459A-ACB9-F926B1A8135D@gmail.com>

Ah yes, forgot to mention that.  You will note a triple in the main  
document aggregation:

		<orechem:referencesExperiment>
			<rdf:Description rdf:about="http://examples.net/Experiments/E1">
				<rdf:type>
					<rdf:Description rdf:about="http://orechem.org/ontologies/document/experiment 
"/>
				</rdf:type>
			</rdf:Description>
		</orechem:referencesExperiment>

This is intended to link to instances expressed in the experiment  
ontology put up by Mark.
On Jul 28, 2009, at 4:35 PM, Frey J.G. wrote:

> Is this consistent with the Experiment Ontology put up by Mark?
> Jeremy
>
>
>
> On 28/07/2009 19:38, "Carl Lagoze" <clagoze@gmail.com> wrote:
>
> Hi all:
>
> I just put up on the wiki at http://services.nsdl.org/trac/oreChem/wiki/DocumentOntology 
>  the results of a good bit of work I've done on a proposed document  
> ontology for the project.  The text below is the guts of the wiki  
> entry.  I realize the work is not yet complete, but I think it gives  
> a reasonable working model of what the PSU folks should use to  
> represent info extracted from documents (I used the spec sent by Lee  
> GIles as my requirements document).  As I say in the wiki text, the  
> model is ORE compatible, which I consider quite important.
>
> I'd work more on this but am leaving for vacation on Thursday  
> through August 16 (no email contact) and wanted to get this out.   
> Flame at will but I won't respond till return.
>
> Now onto my N other deadlines before leaving.
>
> Carl
>
>
>
> PPrototype document ontology and instance <http://services.nsdl.org/trac/oreChem/wiki/DocumentOntology#Prototypedocumentontologyandinstance 
> >
> I've attached to this wiki page three files that show my proposal  
> thus far:
>
> *   orechem.owl (probobly should be rdfs) - This is a set of  
> vocabulary terms that I had to invent for the ontology. Virtually  
> all are specializations (subclasses or subproperties) of terms from  
> other vocabularies.
> *   orechem-article.xml - An rdf instance file illustrating a rather  
> complete example of the use of orechem.owl and lots of other  
> vocabularies. I models an article in a journal. To do that it uses  
> vocabulary terms from lots of namespaces including:
>    *   Dublin Core elements and terms
>    *   foaf
>    *   ore
>    *   chemaxiom
>    *   bibo
>    *   vcard
> *   orechem-article.svg - A graphical display (From ISAVIZ) of  
> orechem-article.xml. Lots of triples here so you'll have to zoom in.
>
> You will note that the example is compatible with the ORE notion of  
> an Aggregation (and describing Resource Map), modulo a few missing  
> metadata elements. This was obviously a priority for me since we  
> want to fit into this generic space.
>
> Also, probably much to Nico's chagrin, this is all an RDF-based  
> rather than OWL-based model. Sorry, but too much of the world (e.g.,  
> DC, ORE, bibo) does not fit in the OWL space, but in the more  
> generic RDF space. We do loose inferencing ability, but personally I  
> don't see that as important until triple stores scale-up to that task.
>
>
>


From clagoze at gmail.com  Wed Jul 29 18:57:50 2009
From: clagoze at gmail.com (Carl Lagoze)
Date: Wed Jul 29 19:06:47 2009
Subject: [Orechem] Submission to MS escience 2009
Message-ID: <6E9A19AC-630A-4C12-B23A-F19F70268488@gmail.com>

Thanks for the contributions.  This all was rather rushed - sorry but  
many deadlines before vacation.  I think it is respectable ;-)

-------------- next part --------------
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: The oreChem Project.doc
Type: application/msword
Size: 48128 bytes
Desc: not available
Url : http://www.openarchives.org/pipermail/orechem/attachments/20090729/808ef7e9/TheoreChemProject-0001.doc
-------------- next part --------------

