<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 3.2//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Orechem] Various reminders
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:orechem%40openarchives.org?Subject=%5BOrechem%5D%20Various%20reminders&In-Reply-To=">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="000126.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Orechem] Various reminders</H1>
    <B>Carl Lagoze</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:orechem%40openarchives.org?Subject=%5BOrechem%5D%20Various%20reminders&In-Reply-To="
       TITLE="[Orechem] Various reminders">clagoze at gmail.com
       </A><BR>
    <I>Wed Jul  1 13:02:49 EDT 2009</I>
    <P><UL>
        
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="000126.html">[Orechem] Various reminders
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#125">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#125">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#125">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#125">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>  Hi everyone;

I wanted to remind you of a few things that we have all committed to  
or need to pay attention to.

1. The various teams have committed to putting up a scope statement  
for their respective ontologies by July 6. That is this coming Monday  
and I strongly urge you to follow through on your commitment to that  
date.

2. We had also agreed to a phone call at noon Eastern time on Monday,  
July 13 to review the ontology scope statements and move onto the next  
step. At this point I received replies from only four people (Simon  
Coles, Alex Wade, Karl Mueller, and Jim Downing) that they can make  
that call. Is it then true that no other project members can make that  
call? Or have you just forgotten to verify your attendance on the  
doodle page at <A HREF="http://doodle.com/2zwwhksqr6vxpfef?">http://doodle.com/2zwwhksqr6vxpfef?</A> In any case, please  
see if you can make that call so we can move our work forward.

3. We had some discussions at our Penn State meeting about the next  
face-to-face meeting sometime in the third quarter of 2009. We had  
also chatted about doing this in the UK. However, since then, as I  
assume you have seen, the announcement came out for the next Microsoft  
eScience conference at Carnegie Mellon on October 15 through October  
17. Much as I would like to make life easier for our UK colleagues, it  
seems foolish to not tack a meeting on to this already existing  
meeting. Please let me know what you feel about this.

4. Finally, the submission deadline for the eScience conference is  
July 30. I would like to add to the agenda on our July 13 call a  
discussion of what we plan to submit to this conference. I think it is  
very important that we have some demonstrable and reportable progress  
by that point.

Carl

</PRE>


<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="000126.html">[Orechem] Various reminders
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#125">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#125">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#125">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#125">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="http://www.openarchives.org/mailman/listinfo/orechem">More information about the Orechem
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
