<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 3.2//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Ore-ac] ORE TC and other updates
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:ore-ac%40openarchives.org?Subject=%5BOre-ac%5D%20ORE%20TC%20and%20other%20updates&In-Reply-To=45649102.7080404%40lanl.gov">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="000001.html">
   
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Ore-ac] ORE TC and other updates</H1>
    <B>peter murray-rust</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:ore-ac%40openarchives.org?Subject=%5BOre-ac%5D%20ORE%20TC%20and%20other%20updates&In-Reply-To=45649102.7080404%40lanl.gov"
       TITLE="[Ore-ac] ORE TC and other updates">pm286 at cam.ac.uk
       </A><BR>
    <I>Thu Nov 23 03:56:57 EST 2006</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="000001.html">[Ore-ac] ORE TC and other updates
</A></li>
        
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#2">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#2">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#2">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#2">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>At 18:03 22/11/2006, Herbert Van de Sompel wrote:
&gt;<i>Dear
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>We would like to share the below information regarding ORE progress with you:
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>(1) ORE Technical Committee
</I>&gt;<i>(2) First meeting ORE Technical Committee
</I>&gt;<i>(3) ORE Liaison Group
</I>&gt;<i>(4) Upcoming ORE presentations
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>Kind regards
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>Carl Lagoze &amp; Herbert Van de Sompel
</I>
Thanks - as you may know I met Simeon a month ago.

I am not clear what and when I am likely to be 
asked to do things. Are we expected to meet or is it be email, etc.

P.



&gt;<i>==
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>(1) ORE Technical Committee
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>We have now finalized the constituency of the 
</I>&gt;<i>ORE Technical Committee. It differs slightly 
</I>&gt;<i>from the one we shared with you in a previous 
</I>&gt;<i>communication.  We feel we have a tremendous 
</I>&gt;<i>group of people lined up to work on this effort:
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>&#183; Les Carr, University of Southampton
</I>&gt;<i>&#183; Leigh Dodds, Ingenta
</I>&gt;<i>&#183; Tim DiLauro, Johns Hopkins University
</I>&gt;<i>. Dave Fulker, University Corporation for Atmospheric Research
</I>&gt;<i>&#183; Tony Hammond, Nature Publishing Group
</I>&gt;<i>. Richard Jones, Imperial College
</I>&gt;<i>&#183; Peter Murray, OhioLINK
</I>&gt;<i>&#183; Michael Nelson, Old Dominion University
</I>&gt;<i>&#183; Ray Plante, National Center for Supercomputing Applications
</I>&gt;<i>&#183; Andy Powell, Eduserv Foundation
</I>&gt;<i>&#183; Rob Sanderson, University of Liverpool
</I>&gt;<i>&#183; Simeon Warner, Cornell University
</I>&gt;<i>&#183; Jeff Young, OCLC
</I>
Looks very good.



&gt;<i>(2) First meeting ORE Technical Committee
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>The ORE TC will have its first in-person meeting 
</I>&gt;<i>at Columbia University in NYC on January 11th 
</I>&gt;<i>and 12th 2007.  Last week, Carl and Herbert met 
</I>&gt;<i>in the UCAR offices in Boulder to start preparing for that meeting.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>(3) ORE Liaison Group
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>We also made progress regarding the Liaison Group and so far have lined up:
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>. Tim Cole, UUIC, for DLF Aquifer
</I>&gt;<i>. Rachel Heery, UKOLN, for the JISC Digital Repository support effort
</I>&gt;<i>. Thomas Place, University of Tilburg for DARE (soon to be renamed SurfShare)
</I>&gt;<i>. Rob Tansley, Google, for Google
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>We also have extended invitations to the EC DRIVER project and to Microsoft.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>(4) Upcoming ORE presentations
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>We will give presentations about ORE at:
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>. The Fall CNI Task Force meeting, see 
</I>&gt;<i>&lt;<A HREF="http://www.cni.org/tfms/2006b.fall/abstracts/PB-oai-sompel.html">http://www.cni.org/tfms/2006b.fall/abstracts/PB-oai-sompel.html</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>. The Open Repositories 2007 conference, see 
</I>&gt;<i>Session 5 at &lt;<A HREF="http://openrepositories.org/program/presentations">http://openrepositories.org/program/presentations</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>--
</I>&gt;<i>Herbert Van de Sompel
</I>&gt;<i>Digital Library Research &amp; Prototyping
</I>&gt;<i>Los Alamos National Laboratory, Research Library
</I>&gt;<i><A HREF="http://public.lanl.gov/herbertv/">http://public.lanl.gov/herbertv/</A>
</I>&gt;<i>tel. +1 505 667 1267
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>_______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i>Ore-ac mailing list
</I>&gt;<i><A HREF="http://www.openarchives.org/mailman/listinfo/ore-ac">Ore-ac at openarchives.org</A>
</I>&gt;<i><A HREF="http://www.openarchives.org/mailman/listinfo/ore-ac">http://www.openarchives.org/mailman/listinfo/ore-ac</A>
</I>
Peter Murray-Rust
Unilever Centre for Molecular Sciences Informatics
University of Cambridge,
Lensfield Road,  Cambridge CB2 1EW, UK
+44-1223-763069 


</PRE>

<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="000001.html">[Ore-ac] ORE TC and other updates
</A></li>
	
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#2">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#2">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#2">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#2">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="http://www.openarchives.org/mailman/listinfo/ore-ac">More information about the Ore-ac
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
