From eckstrom at cs.cornell.edu  Wed Nov  1 19:40:35 2006
From: eckstrom at cs.cornell.edu (Dean Eckstrom)
Date: Wed Nov  1 19:41:30 2006
Subject: [Ore-ac] test-o-list #1
Message-ID: <45493E83.8080702@cs.cornell.edu>

111111;
   1 111 1111 111111 1 111111 1111 111 11111111.   111   111111
1111 1111 11111,   11111111 1111 11111111.

  -1

From herbertv at lanl.gov  Wed Nov 22 13:03:46 2006
From: herbertv at lanl.gov (Herbert Van de Sompel)
Date: Wed Nov 22 13:01:31 2006
Subject: [Ore-ac] ORE TC and other updates
Message-ID: <45649102.7080404@lanl.gov>

Dear

We would like to share the below information regarding ORE progress with 
you:

(1) ORE Technical Committee
(2) First meeting ORE Technical Committee
(3) ORE Liaison Group
(4) Upcoming ORE presentations

Kind regards

Carl Lagoze & Herbert Van de Sompel

==

(1) ORE Technical Committee

We have now finalized the constituency of the ORE Technical Committee. 
It differs slightly from the one we shared with you in a previous 
communication.  We feel we have a tremendous group of people lined up to 
work on this effort:

? Les Carr, University of Southampton
? Leigh Dodds, Ingenta
? Tim DiLauro, Johns Hopkins University
. Dave Fulker, University Corporation for Atmospheric Research
? Tony Hammond, Nature Publishing Group
. Richard Jones, Imperial College
? Peter Murray, OhioLINK
? Michael Nelson, Old Dominion University
? Ray Plante, National Center for Supercomputing Applications
? Andy Powell, Eduserv Foundation
? Rob Sanderson, University of Liverpool
? Simeon Warner, Cornell University
? Jeff Young, OCLC

(2) First meeting ORE Technical Committee

The ORE TC will have its first in-person meeting at Columbia University 
in NYC on January 11th and 12th 2007.  Last week, Carl and Herbert met 
in the UCAR offices in Boulder to start preparing for that meeting.

(3) ORE Liaison Group

We also made progress regarding the Liaison Group and so far have lined up:

. Tim Cole, UUIC, for DLF Aquifer
. Rachel Heery, UKOLN, for the JISC Digital Repository support effort
. Thomas Place, University of Tilburg for DARE (soon to be renamed 
SurfShare)
. Rob Tansley, Google, for Google

We also have extended invitations to the EC DRIVER project and to Microsoft.

(4) Upcoming ORE presentations

We will give presentations about ORE at:

. The Fall CNI Task Force meeting, see 
<http://www.cni.org/tfms/2006b.fall/abstracts/PB-oai-sompel.html>
. The Open Repositories 2007 conference, see Session 5 at 
<http://openrepositories.org/program/presentations>

-- 
Herbert Van de Sompel
Digital Library Research & Prototyping
Los Alamos National Laboratory, Research Library
http://public.lanl.gov/herbertv/
tel. +1 505 667 1267

From pm286 at cam.ac.uk  Thu Nov 23 03:56:57 2006
From: pm286 at cam.ac.uk (peter murray-rust)
Date: Thu Nov 23 03:57:58 2006
Subject: [Ore-ac] ORE TC and other updates
In-Reply-To: <45649102.7080404@lanl.gov>
References: <45649102.7080404@lanl.gov>
Message-ID: <7.0.1.0.0.20061123085511.0377dde8@cam.ac.uk>

At 18:03 22/11/2006, Herbert Van de Sompel wrote:
>Dear
>
>We would like to share the below information regarding ORE progress with you:
>
>(1) ORE Technical Committee
>(2) First meeting ORE Technical Committee
>(3) ORE Liaison Group
>(4) Upcoming ORE presentations
>
>Kind regards
>
>Carl Lagoze & Herbert Van de Sompel

Thanks - as you may know I met Simeon a month ago.

I am not clear what and when I am likely to be 
asked to do things. Are we expected to meet or is it be email, etc.

P.



>==
>
>(1) ORE Technical Committee
>
>We have now finalized the constituency of the 
>ORE Technical Committee. It differs slightly 
>from the one we shared with you in a previous 
>communication.  We feel we have a tremendous 
>group of people lined up to work on this effort:
>
>? Les Carr, University of Southampton
>? Leigh Dodds, Ingenta
>? Tim DiLauro, Johns Hopkins University
>. Dave Fulker, University Corporation for Atmospheric Research
>? Tony Hammond, Nature Publishing Group
>. Richard Jones, Imperial College
>? Peter Murray, OhioLINK
>? Michael Nelson, Old Dominion University
>? Ray Plante, National Center for Supercomputing Applications
>? Andy Powell, Eduserv Foundation
>? Rob Sanderson, University of Liverpool
>? Simeon Warner, Cornell University
>? Jeff Young, OCLC

Looks very good.



>(2) First meeting ORE Technical Committee
>
>The ORE TC will have its first in-person meeting 
>at Columbia University in NYC on January 11th 
>and 12th 2007.  Last week, Carl and Herbert met 
>in the UCAR offices in Boulder to start preparing for that meeting.
>
>(3) ORE Liaison Group
>
>We also made progress regarding the Liaison Group and so far have lined up:
>
>. Tim Cole, UUIC, for DLF Aquifer
>. Rachel Heery, UKOLN, for the JISC Digital Repository support effort
>. Thomas Place, University of Tilburg for DARE (soon to be renamed SurfShare)
>. Rob Tansley, Google, for Google
>
>We also have extended invitations to the EC DRIVER project and to Microsoft.
>
>(4) Upcoming ORE presentations
>
>We will give presentations about ORE at:
>
>. The Fall CNI Task Force meeting, see 
><http://www.cni.org/tfms/2006b.fall/abstracts/PB-oai-sompel.html>
>. The Open Repositories 2007 conference, see 
>Session 5 at <http://openrepositories.org/program/presentations>
>
>--
>Herbert Van de Sompel
>Digital Library Research & Prototyping
>Los Alamos National Laboratory, Research Library
>http://public.lanl.gov/herbertv/
>tel. +1 505 667 1267
>
>_______________________________________________
>Ore-ac mailing list
>Ore-ac@openarchives.org
>http://www.openarchives.org/mailman/listinfo/ore-ac

Peter Murray-Rust
Unilever Centre for Molecular Sciences Informatics
University of Cambridge,
Lensfield Road,  Cambridge CB2 1EW, UK
+44-1223-763069 


